# Airplane Reservation System

Implemented using JSP frontend and a JAVA backend.

## Functionalities 

### Manager level
1. Add, Edit and Delete information for an customer1
2. Obtain a sales report for a particular month
3. Produce a comprehensive listing of all flights1
4. Produce a list of reservations by flight number or by customer name 
5. Produce a summary listing of revenue generated by a particular flight, destination city, or customer 
6. Determine which customer generated most total revenue 1
7. Produce a list of most active flights 1
8. Produce a list of all customers who have seats reserved on a given flight 
9. Produce a list of all flights for a given airport 1
10. Produce a list of all flights whose arrival and departure times are on-time/delayed

### User level
1. Login, Logout, new user register.
2. Able to book a one-way trip
3. Able to book a round trip
4. If no non-stop trip available, system should be able to provide multiple-stop flight options
5. Able to distinguish the user is booking a domestic trip or an international trip
6. If no any flight available on the user specific date, system should be able to provide close date available flights, i.e. next day or before a day
7. User can get a list of current reservations he/she made1
8. User can get his travel itinerary for his selected reservation
9. User can get a history of all current and past reservations a customer has made1
10. User can see which flight is the best seller1
11. able to input and update user information such as email, phone number, credit card

### System Functionalities
1. Price for a flight should be flexible, i.e. discounted fares may require advance purchases of a 3, 7, 14, or 21 days. It means, when I book a flight departs next month, the price should be cheaper then the same one I booked for next week
2. Reservation can be made for single passenger, or a group of passengers. Which means, when user book a flight, it can book the same flight for a group of persons.
3. After a certain flight on a certain date is full, should not display this flight info when others search for it.
